chore: apply marketing recommendations (#2391)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/refresh-data.md

# Grid - Refresh Data

> One of the key features of Telerik UI for Blazor Grid component is its ability to refresh the data displayed, ensuring that the Grid always presents the most up-to-date information. Whether you are working with large datasets or frequently changing data sources, understanding how to efficiently refresh the data in the Grid is crucial for maintaining both optimal performance and user experience. This guide covers various methods and best practices for refreshing data in the Telerik UI for Blazor Grid, helping you choose the right approach for your specific application needs related to Blazor DataGrid live update.

Reviewer: Please pass feedback to the marketing team to use shorter sentences with simpler structure.

```suggestion
One of the key features of Telerik UI for Blazor Grid component is its ability to refresh the displayed data. This  ensures that the Grid always presents the most up-to-date information, no matter if you are working with large datasets or frequently changing data sources. Understanding how to efficiently refresh the data in the Grid is crucial for maintaining both optimal performance and user experience. This guide covers various methods and best practices for refreshing data in the Telerik UI for Blazor Grid, helping you choose the right approach for your specific application needs related to Blazor DataGrid live update.
```

* Update the local view-model data yourself with the information the grid event gives you (e.g., insert the new item in it, or remove a deleted item, or update the fields of an edited item). You can find similar code used in the [Grid - Inline Editing Live Demo](https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/grid/editing-inline).

>     * It is important to ensure the change happens on the object the grid uses. Methods like `.FirstOrDefault()` will return a new reference and thus changing them will not trigger are UI update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * It is important to ensure the change happens on the object that the Grid uses. Methods like `.FirstOrDefault()` will return a new reference and changing them will not trigger a UI update.
```
